rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=detect rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=appos rel_depOnRoot:dest=appos rel_semrootlemma=customer rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=ready rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=arrive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=start rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=start rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=start rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=start rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=do rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=do rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=do rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=do rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=denote rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=denote rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=denote rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=denote rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=a rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=i. rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=enter rel_ivf:pos=VBZ relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=enter rel_ivf:pos=VBZ relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=open rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=display rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=prep_v. rel_depOnRoot:dest=prep_v. rel_semrootlemma=close rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=prep_v. rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=close rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=prep_v. rel_semrootlemma=close rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=close rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=initiate rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=prep_at rel_semrootlemma=initiate rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=prep_at rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=initiate rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=prep_at rel_depOnRoot:dest=prep_at rel_semrootlemma=initiate rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=prep_from rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=prep_from rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=prep_from rel_depOnRoot:dest=prep_from rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=prep_from rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=prep_from rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=receive rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=ii rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=write rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=write rel_ivf:lemma=write rel_ivf:pos=VBZ relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=write rel_ivf:lemma=write rel_ivf:pos=VBZ relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=write rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=leave rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=respond rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=enter rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=cashier rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=cashier rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=cashier rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=null rel_depOnRoot:dest=null rel_semrootlemma=cashier rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=require rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=nsubj rel_depOnRoot:dest=dobj rel_semrootlemma=require rel_ivf:lemma=require rel_ivf:pos=VBZ relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=dobj rel_depOnRoot:dest=nsubj rel_semrootlemma=require rel_ivf:lemma=require rel_ivf:pos=VBZ relcl=false
rel_depOnRoot:src=dobj rel_depOnRoot:dest=dobj rel_semrootlemma=require rel_ivf:lemma=null rel_ivf:pos=null relcl=false
